You came to Cardiff in 1954.
Yes.
So there must have been big changes in Cardiff over that.
Oh!
It was a wonderful city.
I mean, it's changed completely.
I mean, number one, there were all these refugee, Jewish refugees here.
We had a Jewish club here.
We had a Jewish restaurant here.
I had a Jewish factory here.
Screx, worldwide factory here, making kosher meat.
The Jewish businesses that prospered here were amazing how they came to.
And Cardiff has changed, of course it has.
I suppose it's changed for the better.
I mean, it's a beautiful city we live in now.
I don't think there's anywhere in the UK, really,
that can compare the provincial city and the amenities you've got,
with the bay and all.
I would never go.
I have the opportunity.
My wife's family have property in London,
and my brother-in-law and I are very much involved.
And perhaps in four or five years' time, I will probably end up there,
because when I'm too old, my daughter will insist on it.
But I would be very reluctant to leave Wales.
And it's just such a lovely city.
And the people are lovely here.
I walk around the lake every morning.
I actually don't walk around the lake.
I do 14 miles walking every day.
And the people who I've met and made friends with,
not Jewish, because nobody's here anymore, are wonderful.
They saved me these last three years, I can tell you.
People who've made me cup for coffee,
professional people, non-professional people.
We meet, we talk, we laugh, men and women.
And it's lovely.
Every Friday morning, I sit with four very nice ladies,
all professional.
And it's safe, literally, I wouldn't have done without them.
And it's different in London.
We're like a family here.
I have to say that, you know, not Jewish, I'm not talking about.
I'm talking about non-Jewish people.
You're from Kingcoy.
Yes.
I've been living there very...
We had a beautiful house.
We sold the house because we wanted to go to a flat.
The time had come, it was too big.
My wife, bless her, we were only there.
She was only eight weeks.
And I was so lucky.
I was in a terrible state.
And a flat became available.
And I thought to myself, I've got to get out of here.
I sold my flat literally within one morning
and I bought the other one in the afternoon.
And now I'm living in Alsthavn Kingcoy, in Bromwood Avenue.
And I'm so happy there.
It's just a block of seven people, private car park. Wonderful.
I've got the whole top floor and I'm very happy.
Well, as happy as can be, you know.